SAMPLE “FILLABLE” .PDF FORM 2/22/07 vCS
from TheWebJockeys.com
Follow the steps below, and in ﬁve minutes, you’ll become a fan of this new technology!
. A Fillable Form like this a .PDF form that you first downloaded into your computer
using the FREE Adobe Reader that your computer already had installed. If needed, Adobe
Reader downloads at http://www.adobe.com/products/acrobat/readstepZ.html
o A Fillable Form can be printed on the user’s printer WITH all data that the user has just
typed into it
0 Any checkboxes that the user checks will print as checked
0 A Fillable Form can not be submitted online; as long as only the user's own computer is
used, there are no security or HIPAA issues
0 A Fillable Form can be saved only as a blank form Without any data that was just typed
into it
o Typed data on a Fillable Form is much more legible than hand—written data, eliminating
many otherwise unavoidable errors
. A Fillable Form will photocopy with much higher clarity than any form with hand-written
data
0 Fillable Forms save time for all recipients of the form
OK, let’s get started with the Sample.
1. Before entering any data, print a blank copy of this form.
2. On the printed blank copy, write in, by hand, your response to each question.
3. Point your cursor on the "keys" below on left. They provide optional help for users.
4. With the blank form displayed on your monitor, type in your response to each
question. Don’t worry, accuracy and spelling don’t count, & nothing leaves your hands!
”Your Last Name: IND
Your First Name: 8
Ty es of sports that you watch on TV (select as many as you like):
CO 5 Football DBaseball .Basketball .NASCAR .Hockey
Date:—
‘Signature: é L S g
5. Now print a copy of this form with data entered.
6. Now save a copy of this form — it will be blank even though you’ve just entered data.
7. Compare the two printed copies, the hand-written copy and the copy with data
entered on the computer.
8. Test the link at the top to adobe.com and the link below, both work directly from this
.PDF. You can have links to other pages on your site or to bookmarks on a long form.
9. Contact www.TheWebJockeys.comwith your comments or questions. Thanks!

